[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
everybody gather and make the sound baby
gonna dance around boo everybody get on
up of your ass get on up on the ground
boo boo yeah oh baby Donna make a sound
hold on sir
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
shaking motherfucking
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
[Music]
welcome
shake
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
welcome everybody around the internet
around the world around the country and
around the universe how do you do
it's kind of pretentious to think that
someone's call someone's watching this
from around the universe so I'm gonna
recant that statement and just leave it
to the world how do you do it's really
good to see you a hot little Saturday
stream hopefully I'm getting some people
who can't usually tune in on Sundays I'm
really happy you're here joining me
hello Internet Facebook YouTube how's
everyone doing
I I hope you're doing well and you know
if you're doing poorly you came to the
right place because I'm gonna make you
feel some kind of way
if you feel apathetic and different than
you definitely came to the right place
because you're gonna feel something and
can you feel it can you feel that oh
let's take a call welcome welcome you
are tuned in live on the air hello hello
oh my god how you doing man what's going
on
I absolutely wonderful you know what I
am so glad to hear that my friend where
are you calling us from I'm calling from
Ontario Canada a lovely province indeed
how's the weather there dude don't pass
that well we still have some shit to
talk about
Oh so what's going on what are you up to
this weekend tell me about your weekend
my weekend's pretty pretty uh all right
right now I'm just I have the weekend
off from work and everything so glad
that your your stream is coming up so I
can catch like there's only caught a
couple but
yeah really oh man well I'm glad you're
here I'm glad you called in and listen
anything you want me to make a song
about cuz that's what time it is baby I
was thinking I there's so many things
that I could possibly think of but I
thought something that we give you a lot
of a lot of content would be a you're in
New York now so you can talk about maybe
the weird things that you might be
walking down the streets of New York
I've only heard stories of weird mutant
rat yep there's plenty of that that's a
great topic I like that a lot the New
York City streets how about that yes yes
all right dude that's great well listen
keep Canada lovely for me I really love
Canada a lot and I'm really excited to
come play there I'm playing Toronto I'm
playing Vancouver I'm playing Montreal
and really looking forward to it man you
come into a show oh yeah I'm actually
I'm gonna be in Kitchener I'm I'm in
school in Kitchener so um I will
hopefully be coming to Toronto because
my brother's there right now actually so
yes
well you get your ass over there and I
will see you there will do all right my
friend have a great afternoon you do
alright see ya hey what a nice guy
Canadians you can always count on them
to be nice people nice people nice
people beep beep beep if you're just
tuning in and you have no fucking idea
who I am or what the hell this is I
don't blame you not many people do but
I'm making shit up I'll be here for a
couple hours and just making up music
off the top of my head using prompts
given to me
by random callers calling in to that
number over there and so let's see what
happens
[Music]
[Music]
these New York City streets really are
sure are a lot they're a lot to deal
with and a whole lot of pressure and let
me just step outside my door I'm just
gonna Chuck I've got to find a way to
deal with this I gotta find a way to
deal with this oh you know what I could
just put in my headphones I got shit to
do we're gonna get into your groove I'm
in the New York groove
oh my god I just stepped in human shit
no I just sir sir
what okay could you just not shit on the
floor
fuck you excuse me I said fuck you I'm
gonna shit wherever the goddamn hell I
want what's wrong with you you're not in
the New York groove no I very much am
I'm in the New York groove well clearly
not god damn it take my shit and put it
in your hands
is this really a New York thing it sure
it is okay
I've got your your shit in my hands oh
yeah now squish it around
this really feels wrong yeah but it
won't in a minute because
[Music]
[Music]
New York groove baby that's that's it
taking shit and rubbing it in your hands
whoo I did not choose this outfit well
you see my nipple right there there it
is that's my nipple I did not choose
this this is a faith thick wool smoking
jacket or something and I really love it
you see the little horse on the back all
the whole hand knit but this was not the
right outfit to wear well making music I
might it might be coming off set I hope
you all enjoyed that little New York
groove song not really about the streets
too much but about the attitude and
that's what we have here the attitude
let's take a caller attention attention
welcome you are on the line through
right now right now for real how you
doing baby
it seems a little delayed yes it is
how's it going man welcome to church are
you enjoying praising that hot ass so
far how are you dude I don't even know
how you come up with this shit about
shaking someone else's ass on your ass
as a surrogate ass shit I lost it well
I'm glad you enjoyed that dude what you
doing this weekend um I mean nothing
right now I'm just chilling out I've
been waiting for this you know since I
heard about a couple days ago and you
know I look forward to the Sunday
whatever want to make it well I'm really
glad you're here man it's people like
you continuing to tune in and support me
that makes makes me able to do this as
for a living and so I appreciate that
yeah man I'm coming to see you uh
September 13th in Brooklyn man I'll be
there oh yes you're coming to the
elsewhere show yeah oh yeah hey dude
that's the dope it's gonna be really fun
that just sold out I'm looking forward
to it yeah I am well listen dude what
what do you got for me you got a little
topic for me okay so I was thinking
because before I started the livestream
I went to the store they will get a
bunch of snacks and junk food so I could
enjoy my church session so maybe like
you know binge eating on the weekends I
love that weekend but how much both did
you only weekend binging oh that's great
that's awesome dude and you guys have
the best topics I love this shit all
right dude well listen I can't thank you
enough for that great topic and thank
you for supporting me and coming to the
show it's gonna be fucking a madhouse in
there and I'm really looking forward to
it yeah you said people in the universe
are listening but I'm coming all the way
from Mars Mars tuning in representing
yes interstellar shit alright my friend
well take it easy and enjoy the rest of
the afternoon oh good
now that you're here alright my friend
I'll talk to you soon be praised be bye
okay well like that man said he's coming
to my Brooklyn show that's sold out
September 13th but you know what's not
sold out September 11th at Bowery
Ballroom it's the second show the first
show on the 12th sold out so we have a
second one on September 11th you're not
gonna want to miss it it's an important
day to be here in the city and come out
and just shake that ass and think about
the good shit the rest of my tour the
comeback tour mark Rubby a.com is where
you get your tickets things are really
starting to sell out now but there are
cities left Salt Lake City I'm looking
at you where the fuck are you let's go
all the other cities that aren't sold
out let's clean house on this hoe and
for the meantime I'm gonna binge on the
weekend right now oh I've been spending
my life been a good boy
I've been spending my life being a good
boy
Oh Monday I get a little spinach salad
Tuesday I have multigrain toast with
avocado Wednesday it's another healthy
bullshit meal Thursday yeah we gotta get
mmm wow I'm starting to feel the weekend
a baby
I feel the week coming up
[Music]
[Music]
avenge another week
engine away
[Music]
read it all away again bending on a
weekend betting on away again bending on
a weekend bend it on a weekend bending
on a weekend away
[Music]
there's it on a weekend betting on away
again
bear that on away again
[Music]
better not away again
bending on away again
then on away again it all away again
and on a wig I bet it on away again
there's it on a weekend building on a
weekend bet it on away again
[Music]
it's been a long week
oh I'm feeling kind of tired baby oh
baby been a long day I wanna do is go
home all I wanna do is stop by
Albertsons
hey yeah I'm gonna pick out a
motherfucking shopping list I gotta get
out my fucking shopping list I got some
shit that I wanna buy I go down baby
aisle five that's the ice cream aisle
you're making it out a guy Ben and
Jerry's baby
the chunky monkey baby yo tell Angie I'm
talking chocolate peanut butter and then
I move on over to the Atilla book I get
the big ass tub but to get the big shit
I'm talking put it all up in the carton
eat it
I'm talking green beans fuck the green
beans
I need to go to the weekly category yeah
baby get the cheese's
yeah for Jesus it's their boxes and
cheese's
moving on
[Music]
cuz it on a weekend
[Music]
again
[Music]
away
[Music]
waking forward to remember bending on
away again
[Applause]
yeah here we go your home I'll load the
car baby now it's time to get it on put
the shit all up on the shelf
put it in the freezer then I look at
myself I'm feeling pretty good about the
binge that's about to go down I can feel
it from the bottom of my motherfucking
brown and now I look up I see all the
treasure
it's time
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I'm gonna throw up I'm throwing up the
food baby I got a problem impinging and
then I'm purging a problem a weekend
problem so I go home and I about 50
pounds of food and I throw it up in the
motherfucking toilet and I'm sad baby
I need help yo I need some help cuz it's
not healthy what I'm doing I love the
feeling of the bitching but then I perch
it out Oh need little help
Oh baby oh I need a little help yeah
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
that's weekend binging that turned into
a very serious binging and purging
that's not something to laugh at
it's just not something to laugh at but
that's where my brain went so help
everyone who's struggling with some sort
of addiction like that help you help you
feel better you know I know that shit's
tough
let's take a call shall we welcome you
are on the line
welcome hop on baby you're on the line
okay well next next you are on and now
you are on the line hello hello no way
yes way what's up man say hello to the
Internet
hey what you doing man I'm listenin to
you man hey well that I like to hear
that how's your weekend been it's going
great man yeah how long had a long hard
week we're looking forward to the
weekend now I'm enjoying it and it's the
best oh that's fantastic dude you got
any plans tomorrow tomorrow no I got uh
I got a couple books from the library I
think I'm gonna stay in wake up early
start reading them I might even start
later than today damn dude you're just
reading your
reading fiend yeah man
how much do you read would you say how
many books a year a month how much are
you reading well I got a couple books on
rotation that I'm always reading
Neuromancer William Gibson The
Fountainhead iron ran the K uh the the
standard the Dark Tower series by
Stephen King oh and then I'm rotating a
couple other books like um we're going
and then I'm just reading those like on
constantly that's some big shit man
that's some heavy shit The Fountainhead
no it's mostly like a fantasy and I just
action oh okay well man that sounds good
you got a good weekend ahead of you here
yeah yeah well listen dude you got a
topic for me uh how about you were
talking about a little bit about
audition maybe having an obsession or
being with substance or something or
maybe even possessed by something you
know I like obsession a lot obsession is
a really nice topic yeah maybe you can
rip off of that that's great man I love
that yo thank you for once again
providing me with something great to
think about and sing about where are you
calling us from I'm calling from New
York you coming to the Bowery Ballroom
show fuck here man I was so excited when
you announced more days that's what I'm
talking about baby I'll see you there oh
man you're the shit man hey thanks dude
you're the shit too I hope you have a
great weekend reading I hope you enjoy
the rest of the stream and I will see
you at Bowery Oh feel there All Right
see you there my friend clear
bye hey that's a nice guy that's a nice
dude man he is reading some some
internship those are big books big long
volumes of books oh I'm obsessed I just
had to do this oh my god just make sure
that I get that done just make sure that
that get that to make sure I just make
sure that I get that - make sure I just
make sure that I'd go get that to make
sure I just make sure that I get that
tomato just make sure that I just make
sure that could get that just me
[Music]
clean and gotta clean my damn house oh I
gotta get on my hands and my knees and
got little washcloths and everything's
not perfect I need a white or washcloth
with some warm soap I need to do it I
need to clean I need to damn clean I
need to clean right now I need ya I
gotta clean I gotta clean I gotta clean
on the walls gotta clean I gotta clean
on the wall gotta clean I gotta clean
all the counters gotta clean I gotta
clean all the dishes in to clean I gotta
clean behind the TV clean I gotta clean
the floor lamp clean I gotta clean my
body clean I gotta go and clean the
motherfucking bathroom I gotta go and
clean the motherfucking bath
I gotta clean that motherfucking
bathroom I got the shower curtain swing
got the wall I'll clean the bottom of
the motherfucking toilet and it's clean
yo I think I cleaned everything but I
kind of keep cleaning I kind of keep
cleaning
I gotta keep cleaning
I gotta keep cleaning all that house
cleaning all the house clean between the
crevices and clean clean the speaker's
clean the shelves clean the bookcase
clean the cutting board clean my fucking
face clean it all baby
what's left to clean what's left to
clean mom what what I'm in the middle of
cleaning mom can you come here for a
second I forgot to clean my son I have
to clean my son I have to clean my son
what are you doing with a giant steel
wool pad
come here Andrew I have to clean you mom
you've been cleaning for the last six
hours Andrew get over here I need you
clean mom you're starting to scare me I
started to scare myself but I like it
what I like what I like
[Music]
[Music]
you're clean you're finally cleaning
cleaning my life cleaning
[Music]
cleaning my son Jesus Christ
Oh God we're cleaning it oh boy
that was fun everything clean everything
perfect and let's take a caller let's
take a nice little caller here and
welcome to the line you're on the air
hey what's going on really hey what's
going on dude what you doing oh I
appreciate that guys what kind of music
you making
oh we make like rap and hip-hop I'm the
producer you don't make the beat hell
yes yes just getting the fuck what did
you think about that last beat bro
you're fired the wolf in the background
you built the tension obsessive talking
and turned it into the part of the beat
like she's talking really fast or
repeating it that was the perfect way to
like show obsession dude oh thank you
guys I really appreciate that well
listen you know what I'm going to ask
you to do someone's got to lay down a
quick verse right here for the people oh
absolutely
someone lay that shit down acapella baby
right right he wants here wasn't living
the greatest had to get my money yep
always keeping the papers never sunny
but his diamond that the stomach so
major inside my mind
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yo that's what I'm talking about baby
you guys probably didn't hear it but I
went ahead and was playing underneath
underneath that so to enjoy that with
the topic what are we what's the next
song going to be about dude I just want
you to I want you to do a song about how
you're just so unique I you're just an
anomaly when you made like we make music
you love to do it because you're a great
artist man that what you do I like music
as an art you're amazing at what you do
oh well thanks dude I can't do a song
about myself I you know what not about
you let's see so let's make a song about
being a still cooking up cooking on fire
man Oh cooking cooking stew I like that
cooking still alright y'all I love it
yo thank you so much for being dope as
usual and I wish you gotta hope you guys
have a great rest of your studio time
I'll talk to you guys soon yeah
Springfield Massachusetts fall on three
thank you sits baby alright guys hey
[Applause]
love it alright cook it in the stew you
know what I did they didn't hear but you
ready
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
carrots or motherfucking
is that a Pixar film a Pixar film
Woody Allen baby Woody Allen Woody
Allen's career is over woody ours
fuck you Woody Allen I don't give a fuck
about your career even though you made
some great bull
Woody Allen wasn't hands I made a
mistake I Woody Allen doesn't ants not a
bug's life
Woody Allen wasn't hands on a bug's life
was Woody Allen and answer my freakin it
right Joe I don't ever fuck cuz I'm in
the stew I'm getting stirred up baby and
I'm missing you missing you I'm missing
you I need you in my life cuz I'm
missing you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
spit it back in this bitch damn song
complete that was fun that was fun oh
boy you know we're just having a hangout
here cooking it in the stew just having
nice cooking the old stew let me mention
to everybody the comeback tour mark
robby a.com you know exactly what it is
where it is when it is and how it is and
i'm gonna tell you about that it's my
live tour September through December I'm
gonna be making shit up all over the
world North America that's the US that's
Canada that's all over Europe I'm gonna
be shitting on it out there with you
most dates are sold out but there are
still some left you need to get a ticket
and come to see me before I lose my
goddamn mind over here no I'm kidding
but it would be really nice to see you
let's take a call welcome welcome
attention you are on the line mark will
be a that's an honor oh my god how are
you doing sir I am good man how are you
doing what's shakin not much man um life
perfect right now about to move to
Chicago to the film school a lot of day
work was yesterday
so I'm drinking a beer waiting and
making sure the butthole song playing
one year and listening to the stream and
the other year and my heart is pumping
and damn
you're amazing mark oh dude thank you so
much you have a lot of exciting shit
going on right now but before we talk
about that I've got a rose a you've got
a beer cheer
my friend Oh chin chin mark chin chin
Connor
yes well listen man so you're moving to
Chicago you're starting film school who
who are your favorite filmmakers okay so
Quinn Tarantino is obviously on the top
of the brain and he just came out with
once upon a time in Hollywood he sure I
did Guy Ritchie I think it's amazing his
visual style is incredible Edgar
Wright's got the visual humor down to a
science
yes he do and Fincher of course got the
robot camera they never moved
unless there's emotional reasons for it
and I think those are my top guys right
there
that's that's a great list dude all
experts all wonderful filmmakers a
wonderful guy let me uh so when do you
move how far away is the move yeah so
it's uh I don't know about 20 hours I'm
gonna be taking it easy selling my car
renting a car and I'm just going to be
using the train to get around and I'm
moving in three weeks
Wow going into a little condensed studio
just me and my computer my film stuff
pretty much man I'm pretty late to the
party I'm 28 so I'm uh pretty much just
going for the knowledge and the
like-minded people and trying to like
get to the next level of my career you
know so I mean I'm watching you for the
last couple years has been incredibly
inspirational you just said I'm gonna do
what I do and you're putting all of
their blood sweat and tears and soul
into it and I listen to you all day
every day man just because of that and
your genuine personality and I go on all
day looking why don't you make some shit
oh I'll let you do that well dude that's
very very sweet of you to say and and
yeah I got to tell you it's it's weird I
mean it's it's really awesome but it is
very strange being told that I'm an
inspiration because I certainly don't
feel that way but
it's just amazing to hear that and yes
well and I have a theory about that that
I've told people that I'm sharing your
stuff too and I'll be at work on Sunday
and be like just pass through the stream
underneath the bar like whenever I can
back bro this guy's got a $200 tip
because people love this shit and I'm
trying to get everybody on it and I feel
like people love you so much because
everything is you just comes from your
heart you don't think about it and plan
it you don't and you're just genuinely
authentic and that authentic person
happens to be a really nice fucking guy
and a really funny and talented person
so it's like there's perfect culmination
of everything you know oh man that's oh
that's very sweet
I I really appreciate that dude yes I
appreciate you man well it's mutual
there's nothing to it but to do it and
you making this big change and this big
move is like a really dope decision I
think that's exactly what you got to do
it sounds like you're excited about it
and I wish you fruitful fulfillment and
furthering of your career in Chicago and
now you got to tell me what to make a
song about oh of course I'm gonna make
you sing a song about making movies and
I just want to hear what marks brain
would do with that topic dude that's so
good oh that's great yeah that's great
making movies yo I'm a big fan of film
and and always have been and so this is
gonna be this is gonna be fun for me and
I'm gonna see you in Chicago I'm gonna
have a giant blow-up picture of cosmic
Mark I just posted it to your reddit
page yeah that was you yes sir hey dude
that's dope I am looking forward yeah I
want everyone to take that and print it
and blow it up and I just want you to
see cosmic Mark Luke daddy's famous and
everything you go through well at least
for Chicago you hear that Chicago get
those pictures printed out and bring
them to Lincoln Hall because it's going
down yeah
yeah all right my friend well listen
thank you so much for calling in I'm
really excited about your move I hope it
goes off without a hitch and I will see
you in Chicago
oh yeah sir good luck to you and I hope
to see you and talk to you in the future
sounds great my friend take it easy
are you two all right oh man what a nice
guy what a nice guy making movies cut
cut it's quiet on set
hey excuse me quiet on set quiet on set
action action action action action
action action action action action
action action action action action
action action action action
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Tarantino Paul Thomas Anderson Tarantino
Tarantino Paul Thomas Anderson Agnes
Varda Agnes feared John Cassavetes John
Cassavetes Louie Boone well Louie Boone
well Louie - shouting directors names
yeah I'm talking false watch before us
watch who fool Francois Truffaut
Francois Truffaut watch before must
watch before our logic law
[Music]
Tinseltown Tinseltown Tinseltown covet
Tinseltown Tinseltown Tinseltown come in
Tinseltown you gotta make up movies an
essential town
[Music]
why non-set the directors here the
genius director with his pick ideas
everybody quiet on the set right now
because the director has yeah Brad
Daniel day-lewis um Gene Hackman yo baby
talking player talking Meryl Streep and
everybody else Academy Awards is where
the awards are when you made a movie
when you made a good move
[Music]
[Music]
what is this huh
is this regional theater is that what
the shit is regional theater I mean I am
trying to organize a feature film and
you people are standing around like
Legos I'm don't apologize
I hate apologies it kind of hates
everything what was that nothing I
thought I heard you say it sounds like
he hates everything I I didn't I was
just joking oh hello everybody hey let's
all give let's all give Brad a round of
applause for his joke excellent work
Brad good job cracking a joke on set get
the fuck out what you're fired
you know what fuck you alright making
movies that was a little rough around
the edges but we did something that was
fine oh we're gonna take a call you are
yes holy shit yes what's up dude Tom I'm
from Houston h-town is fuckin ready for
you brother
it's town baby satellite bar anyone else
in Houston you better get your goddamn
tickets because that one's selling out
soon it's going down baby
holy shit not sold out yeah I'm I'm it
will get there but some of them have
just been slower than others you know oh
you've got me and a whole bunch of my
buddies coming to see you so I cannot
fucking wait to shake your hand
well I can't wait to see you there my
friend how's your weekend been what do
you got what are you doing I am sweating
man it's like a hundred something we've
got no a/c up in this oh I am I'm
bringing the funk for both of us my dude
god damn bring that funk bring that
stank and just let it ride well listen
listen dude you know I've I seen a lot
of a lot of loss in these last couple of
years I lost my dad when he was 54 my
sister and her fiance both the 23 you
know all the grandparents like that and
you know mark I want to
thank you so damn much for supporting me
through that time like a you know
another caller called and mentioned you
know you're an inspiration and you know
they're right man that's like you
inspire me not to die
every day man I'm fuckin so grateful to
you wow dude Wow
listen I'm I'm really sorry for those
losses that's that's some hard shit dude
hey man that's uh you know living has a
price and it's something that we all pay
eventually but listen man I uh if it's
all right I'd like to ask you to sing me
and my people a song about being
thankful and doing the best you can with
what you got why you got it oh man I
love that I I'm a big believer in that
as well and so yeah I'm gonna make the
topic be thankful and and we're gonna do
a song about that my friend and fuck ya
love to you my funky friend man so much
respect to you dude that's so nice and
and all the love in the world to you as
well I hope I hope the days are happy
and and the nights even happier and I
cannot wait to see you and your friends
in Houston my friend and it's gonna be a
party all right you have a fucking great
day my brother you too dude
take it easy don't don't don't do too
much relax relax and I I'll see you in a
few months or in a month oh yeah all
right man peace out what a nice guy what
a nice guy
oh man there's a lot of love there's not
a lot of articulation on my n but
there's a lot of love in this stream
today and I'm really feelin it dude the
comeback tour come and see me and we can
explore those feelings together well I'm
on a stage and you're in the audience
and maybe you'll be on the stitch I
don't know it happen
so it happens a lot but goddamn it's
yeah hearing this kind of shit from you
guys I read my messages on all platforms
and even though I may not respond to a
lot of them I'm reading them and just
the things that you guys say to me
sometimes really fucks me up in in the
best way and so cheers to you and and
for your support encouragement and love
I hope I can give a little slice of that
back to you because you have certainly
given it to me over the years and so
chin chin to that and chin chin to all
of you out there let's make a song about
being thankful
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah I'm figuring it out that's actually
nice
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
love each other
[Music]
we got a
[Music]
[Music]
we got a little love each other
yeah we're gonna figure this out
[Music]
the job
[Music]
love each other love each other
[Music]
that's what it is we all let's go what's
yo
[Music]
love each other
we gotta love each other
[Music]
we
each other
love each other
[Music]
Jozy
[Music]
someone reach Allah
[Music]
rigea
[Music]
let's start let's start the song now
we're gonna start the song Oh little
water for that ass just a little water
for that ass oh there's
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
nowyou I know you've experienced loss
sadness and despair but at the end of
the day you can wake up in the morning
and smell the spring air look around you
and count on your hand the amount of
people that you have in your life that
love you I know it's at least someone
and that's enough to make it through
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
reach out
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Hey
all right the thankful song that was
nice
well wasn't that just a nice everybody
we're gonna take a couple more calls up
in this piece and just enjoy ourselves
let's take one welcome to the stream
you're live you're on the air oh oh
you're housing our mark how are you man
I'm doing alright but I'll hold for a
while I'm good dude I'm good what's
shakin you feeling good today bowling
alley what's the party what's what's the
occasion I think it's a birthday there's
like bowling there's our games and all
stuff like that awesome
oh hell yeah how are you bowling are you
having a good game uh yeah I just uh
what's it called I just played an arcade
game like a halo arcade game it was
awesome bowling some fond drinks oh
that's a good times I'm uh I stepped
away like you know quiet please
not quiet quite than usual but I'm
making music right now on it so p1 hey
hell yeah I love that what is that
teenage teenage engineering or what oh
yeah yeah yeah teens in their
engineering yeah yeah that's an awesome
machine I like that machine a lot yeah
it's very fun well listen what do you
want to sing about um me and my family
were thinking of maybe the area 51 rate
oh nice area 51 right yes that's fucking
dope dude awesome that's great
oh man well listen I hope you have a
lovely reading day at the at the bowling
alley and have fun making some music
tell the family I say hello and I hope
to talk to you again soon man
I appreciate it you're an inspiration
Marc thank you my friend have a good day
thank you thank you bye bye and that's
just nice man everyone is so goddamn
nice today and I'm some done alright I'm
done with your nice shit
okay no more mr. nice guy
because I smell something fishy here
at area 51 you guys know about that
place you guys you guys seen the
satellite images on Apple Maps huh
anyone know about this place it's a
place out in Nevada that's a base and
apparently there's some weird-ass shit
going on there and it's been decades and
decades of us not knowing what the hell
is going on and I for one am fed up
about it
so I propose a solution not a final
solution
but as an area 51 solution okay and yes
I am saying solution then you're still
gonna listen to me I've created a
Facebook invite and everyone's gonna
click the button okay everyone's gonna
click the little button and then we're
all gonna meet at this area 51 or
whatever they want you to think it's
called and we're gonna fucking find out
what's happening in there cuz I'm sick
about Oh burps oh I'm burping in the mic
burping in the goddamn motherfucking mic
burping in this bitch and I'm burping in
the mic yeah
[Music]
[Music]
I got the invites out I got the
motherfucking invites and out
everybody gets you little tinfoil hats
on you better put them on your head
bitch it's time for a raid time to step
into my Subaru sedan time to turn the
key in the ignition time to slam time to
drive out to the mother fucking desert
I'm sick of this shit I need to find out
bed and meet up I need to find out ya
know all that we're gonna do
yeah hey yo I get out get out of the car
god damn it I get out I get out of the
car god damn it I'm getting hyped up on
this shit time to raid I'm getting hyped
up in this bitch time to read yo I got
my motherfucking water bottles I got my
Kevlar vest my shit and I'm pumped up
it's time to get this motherfucking
truth out there time to get the
motherfucking throat time to go up on a
raid goddammit on the raid raid point
baby military at the post with the
motherfucking shit emergency emergency
we've got intruders around the perimeter
of area 51
Roger that how many are there it looks
to be about it doesn't I think this was
that area 51 way they were talking about
oh yeah that's right there's no one show
up well it's been a few hours and
there's like 10 cars out there so it
looks like this is it
all right well what do you want to do I
mean we can tell them to step back all
right Carl you want to do that yeah I'll
do that
attention please
step away from the Air Force Base if you
do not step away from the Air Force Base
[Music]
they're not going anywhere
[Music]
[Music]
shoot me shoot me he's telling us to
shoot him baby yo fuck America I got my
[Music]
rain rain rain rain rain rain
[Music]
arian rain rain rain in the area area
rain rain rain in your area
I said Oh rain rain rain in your area
[Music]
[Music]
area 51 raid oh wait damn y'all wanna
ride it ya know what wanna ride it down
I wanna fucking bleed and I wanna ride
the goddamn feet wanna ride the bottom
in the bottom on the seat
[Music]
all right area 51 huh I've got a couple
more I don't even know if I have a
couple more maybe one more in me listen
the comeback tour okay mark Rubby a.com
that's the website that's where the
tickets are you need to be buying
tickets bad about your tickets baby
gotta buy two tickets to the show if you
don't buy the tickets I'm a sad sad and
I'm gonna be weird and I'm writing in my
journal that you didn't come over to the
show better get your tickets to the
goddamn show cuz if you don't then
you're gonna miss on out and then you're
going to miss out and it's gonna sell
out and you're not gonna be able to get
a ticket get a ticket let's take a call
if you're there welcome you're on the
air
you're on hello yes hello hello hey hey
what's going on man how are you hello
hey hang on just a second mark Imanol
okay sounds good all right I think
that's a little bit better what's up man
how you doing good dude how are you
what's shakin I'm great man
oh nothing much just hanging out at home
chilling playing my bass hey just having
a little hangout yeah lovely what's what
do you got planned for the rest of the
weekend um actually I'm totally free my
girlfriend set it down so uh I'm really
just doing nothing I'm gonna see my one
friend for his birthday birthdays today
oh nice man that's the best though isn't
it just not having to do a goddamn thing
oh yeah for sure
yes if I can live my whole life like
that that'll be perfect
I agree my goal sent I'm trying to do
this as aggressively as possible so I
can get to the point in the future and
hopefully the near future where I can
just take a step back and not do a
fucking thing yeah well you got the
formula though cuz you're doing
something fun that you like to do and
you're making money at it and then of
course the rest of the time you kill so
it's basically like you're not working
yeah I I wish I felt that way but it's
it definitely feels like work you know
it's like that's just the way it is it's
like when you have to do it for money
you know there's a lot outside of just
setting up a webcam and playing you know
it's like there's a whole operation and
it's it really does become a job it's
not necessarily a bad thing it's just
it's the nature of turning something
creative into you know into a living is
it just you have to figure out the
business of it you know yeah well you
definitely have elevated the whole
operation over the last like year or so
since I found you at least in some
notice well thanks man I'm trying I'm
trying listen what do you got for me you
got a little topic for me um geez I
don't know man let's say with making an
ode to the chilling out that's kind of
what we're doing today
yes ode to chilling oh I like that a lot
Oh chilly hey all right man that sounds
good
I appreciate you and thanks for staying
on the line for such a long time I hope
you have a great rest of your weekend
and yeah man hope to talk to you soon
yeah often thank you so much Marcus it's
a great talking to you and a senior at
least once before and he was in
Baltimore oh cool there next time you're
around man I definitely yeah I'll
definitely come back again it's a great
show
you always put on a good show well I
appreciate that my friend I look forward
to coming back I definitely will at some
point so keep your keep
eyes peeled oh for sure man yeah yeah
keep on watching in until then enjoy
what you're doing and I'll keep on
appreciating it keep whooping baby I'll
talk to you soon
all right thank mark have a great one
you too dude bye hey Lee bro Oh -
chilling well nothing to do today except
just relax and chill not a thing to do
today but just to relax and hang on out
[Music]
[Music]
two days passing by
here's to the days days getting high
here's to the days days are long here's
to the days doing whatever you want said
here's the days don't wake up yesterday
is touching but here's the days playing
xbox
here's to the days we'll bagels and lox
he is through the days in the sunshine
he is to relax in
he is do it all baby and here's the
jelly baby and here's the chilling y'all
I'm gonna do absolutely nothing gonna
chill out baby I'm gonna sit on the
goddamn couch baby I bought us to sit on
the couch wanna chill yo you know how I
do it baby you keep it real now I'm
gonna watch The Bachelor prepare a dice
I wanna watch episode 2 I'm feeling nice
take a hit of life and I chill on it
baby nothing left to do but yawning go
work out my little shit done I got my
task with I crossed it off and nothing
left now I take a shower now and now I'm
clean feeling good got the soapy sir
tried all and now we'll hold another
pole baby
I grab a baby baby
[Music]
gotta chill gotta chill out of jail time
to chill chill babe ow
I can't agility lowdown I can't chill
chill got to chill now I can't chill
chill got to chill now my cap to jail
got to chill now I can't chill chill got
to chill now I can't chill chill got to
chill
I can't chill chill got to chill now I
can't chill chill got to chill now I
can't chill chill hey baby
the world is ending baby there's a comet
and it's flying towards Earth hey baby
breaking news on ABC everybody needs to
get the fuck out into the shelter baby
it's the end of time baby everybody say
goodbye but me babe I'm chillin chillin
and oh man I'm going to chill out in my
role-model world and I got a kind of
coming down but I don't really care baby
I'm high and I'm chilling with my wine
and I don't give a fuck cause I'm
feeling just fine feeling just fine and
I'm chilling on out let the comic come
and wipe the whole humanity out it's all
right with me I'm chillin baby you know
what chillin and I'm chillin and it's
nothing to which oh because I'm a catch
- chill - chill
gotta chill out time to chill Kocher
Oh Jill gotcha now I'm feeling like Jill
Jill Jill catch it
Oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
chill chill
[Music]
I can't chill chill
I can't chill chill
[Applause]
[Music]
she'll captured
[Music]
I can chill chill chill chill chill
gotta chill
can't you chill I got chill chill
got to chill
we're chilling we're straight chillin on
a baby uh
alright we're gonna do one more one last
call and then it's over who should I
choose you know what here we go
welcome to the line you are on the air
hello hello hello
well hello welcome hello you're there
can you hear me yes yes I can hear you
beautifully fantastic we're really
enjoying celery we're in the Ukraine Oh
shouting you K baby how you doing over
there with some red wine really really
having a great time
oh I'm so glad to hear that that's great
what's uh what what are you doing this
weekend have you been having a good
weekend a fantastic weekend we've had
where well we're watching you from
Oxford here in the UK that a we've had
nice long walks in the countryside but a
giant some red wine and sat next to the
fire taking the dog out
now with this washing you do enjoying a
few bottles of red walk and I really
really look in the music oh man I love
that I'm drinking wine with you I'm
having a little 2018 Chateau to push you
a little rose a here and I'm gonna pour
myself another glass for this last song
you're my last caller and so I'm gonna
have a little Cheers with you here and
it really sounds like you're having an
awesome week
I'm definitely gonna change to that
we're having a little nice Oh nurse your
pop oh no way
damn baby a shuttle enough to pop you
guys are not fucking around over there
I'm losing I'm losing you a little bit
you there I am I can hear you let's
cheers chin chin
all right listen baby what do you want
me to talk about for the last song what
are we doing well to be honest me my
husband loved it when you play something
a little bit sexy so we'd like you to go
a little bit romantic maybe charts look
you're you can follow it and get a
little bit sexy with it it's okay
oh yes sexy we're gonna say the topic is
going to be sexy with it how about that
thank you with it that would be
fantastic baby drink your rosy and just
pillows with that sexiness oh you got it
we're gonna be dripping in sex and we're
gonna do that for you
yo I cannot thank you enough for calling
I love always love hearing from the UK
and I hope you're coming to a show
because the old the whole UK leg of the
tour is sold out but I'm really looking
forward to it I know I know but we hate
to be in New York maybe back there so we
definitely keep an eye on your page and
so you know you've got a lot of
followers in the USA so doing what
you're doing and we did it up you so
much what is the u.s. fans yes well I
love you guys too very very much and I
hope you have a wonderful rest of the
night and let's get sexy with it
aengdu all right all right so consumer
you as well take it easy you too bye
thank you try that all right take it
twice more you too thanks bye bye bye
did she say if it's easy take it twice
or did she say take it hard
I don't know what she said but either
way I like the attitude and we're
definitely getting sexy with it oh what
a pleasure it's been the comeback tour
mark Robbie a.com and you know what it
is baby we're just gonna get real sexy
with it for this finale this last song
the comeback tour Marco Rubio you just
go ahead and you just slide on into that
website and get your tickets and get
those hot tickets for the show and we're
gonna get sexy with it together you know
what
now
Oh
[Music]
sweating on you buddy
ah
I'm sweating on your body
I'm sweating on your body
[Music]
I'm sweating on your body
[Music]
I'm sweating on your soul
ah
[Music]
I'm sweating in the shower
sweat
so what
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
touch your skin that's time let me Oh
baby creep your
a creep your hand other side of my time
[Music]
I said sexy with it sexy sexy with it
sex anybody sexy with it sexy sexy with
it sex anybody sexy with it
sexy sexy with it
sex anybody sexy with it sexy but is
sexy with it sex anybody sexy with it
sex anybody sexy with it sex anybody
sexy with it sex anybody sexy with it
sex anybody sexy with it
sex anybody sexy with it sex anybody
sexy with it
sex anybody sexy with it sex is a zoo
and it looks like but it sexy with it
leg said you might say sit with it sex
like hot and sexy with sex I'd sit with
it but I'll say sit with
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
now
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
the sex
brother sex ooh baby other side
you brought a sexy baby on the side
[Music]
[Music]
got a sex your baby gonna sex you
hyuk-joo baby monitor brother sex your
baby monitor sex you
sex sex your baby's gonna say sex you
daddy I said you brought a sack stack
stack stack stack stack stack
well what a pleasure this dream was
seriously an absolute pleasure hanging
out with all of you I cannot thank you
enough for those of you who have stuck
around all this time it really has been
great I've enjoyed the shit out of
myself I think we had some good ones
today and certainly some really
wonderful callers I try and do this
every week if this is your first time
tuning in I do it sometime during the
weekend so keep an eye on my socials I'm
on Instagram I'm on facebook I'm on
YouTube if you're watching me right now
you know I'm on at least one of those
but you may not know that I'm on all
three and I try to fill those three
avenues I'm on Twitter too but who gives
a fuck about Twitter I try to fill those
three avenues with slightly different
content and so it might behoove you to
follow me on all of those platforms if
it's if you're of a mind to do that the
comeback tour mark Rubby a.com
is the place to get your tickets they
have gone much more quickly than I
anticipated them going and we are just a
baby's butt hair away from being sold
out so help me let's sell this thing out
clean that's a really good PR look for
me for next year to be able to come to
you and play like really dope shows at
cool venues and all of that good shit
mark revi AECOM I really really look
forward to seeing you all out there I'm
gonna see you next week I'm sure and in
the meantime I hope you have a wonderful
evening morning or afternoon wherever
you are I love you very much and I thank
you so much for your support
keep pooping on it I'm gonna do the same
over here and Wow
Cheers I love you very much and until
next time let me let me take this thing
off line thank you so much guys
have a great night we are sorry
 